Adding new accounting for beginners section (#843)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/get-started/accounting-for-beginners.md

    <p>
      In this first part of a two-part series, <b>Modern Treasury</b> walk through basic accounting principles for anyone building products that move and track money.
    </p>
    <p><a href="https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/accounting-for-developers-part-i" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Read article →</a></p>
  </li>
  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/accounting-2.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Accounting For Developers, Part II</h3>
      <p><i>Modern Treasury</i></p>
    </div>
    <p>
      In this second part of a two-part series, <b>Modern Treasury</b> build a ledger for a Venmo clone by applying the accounting principles covered in Part I.
    </p>
    <p><a href="https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/accounting-for-developers-part-ii" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">Read article →</a></p>
  </li>
  <li className="card animation-pulse">
    <div className="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/accounting-2.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Accounting for Computer Scientists</h3>
      <p><i>Martin Kleppman</i></p>
    </div>
    <p>

>       Martin Kleppman explains basic principles of accounting using graphs, prividing enough background to understand the financial statements for a small company.

Author: ```suggestion
      Martin Kleppman explains basic principles of accounting using graphs, providing the background needed to understand the financial statements for a small company.
```

>       I’m a computer scientist, and I think of stuff in graphs all the time. If only someone had explained it like that in the first place! It would have saved me so much confusion. 

Author: ```suggestion
      Martin Kleppman explains accounting via concepts computer scientists are familiar with.
```
